.TH scap-workbench "8" "October 2018" "Red Hat" "System Administration Utilities"

.SH NAME
scap\-workbench \- GUI tool for systems compliance evaluation

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBscap\-workbench\fR [options] [\fIXCCDF_FILE\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
SCAP Workbench is GUI tool for security compliance checking. Compliance can be
described with SCAP standards - XCCDF and OVAL.

This tool enables users to:
.RS
 * evaluate local and/or remote machines using SCAP content \fB(scanning)\fR
 * perform remediation on both local and remote machines \fB(remediation)\fR
 * adjust XCCDF scanning profiles \fB(tailoring)\fR
 * generate Bash scripts and Ansible playbooks

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-help
Shows help.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Displays version information.
.TP
\fB\-\-skip\-valid\fR
If this option is provided openscap validation will not be performed.
This is recommended only for advanced users and may cause OpenSCAP or SCAP Workbench
to crash!
.TP
\fB\-\-tailoring TAILORING_FILE
Opens the given tailoring (customization) file after the given XCCDF or SDS file is loaded.
.TP
\fBXCCDF_FILE\fR
If this parameter is provided the scanner will immediately open given XCCDF or
source datastream (SDS) file after it starts.

.SH SCAP CONTENT
SCAP content is provided by the OpenSCAP project in the \fBscap\-security\-guide\fR package.

Other sources of SCAP content are:
.TP
\fBNational Vulnerability Database\fR - \fIhttp://web.nvd.nist.gov/view/ncp/repository\fR
.TP
\fBRed Hat content repository\fR - \fIhttp://www.redhat.com/security/data/oval/\fR

.SH AUTHORS

.nf
Martin Preisler <mpreisle@redhat.com>
.fi

.SH NOTES
SCAP Workbench uses the OpenSCAP library, see \fIhttp://www.open-scap.org\fR

.SH SEE ALSO
oscap(8)
